In this small lesson, we will replace the animation of the death of a character with a physical simulation of his body.
This technique is also called ragdoll physics, which literally translates as ragdoll physics.
In the OnDeath function of the character, comment on the line that plays the animation of death,
and at the very bottom of the OnDeath function, write the following: GetMesh, that is, we get a
pointer to the skeletal mesh component of the character. The function that enables component collisions
is called SetCollisionEnabled. It takes enum as a parameter - ECollisionEnabled
And we can set either QueryAndPhysics or just PhysicsOnly.
The second function we need is called SetSimulatePhysics. This function activates the physical simulation of the body.
The function has one boolean parameter. We naturally pass true there.
You can add a GetMesh check for nullptr, or add, as we have done many times, a check on BeginPlay.
Let's compile the game, let's see how it all looks. Click play. Let's kill our opponent.
The character's skeleton fell under the force of gravity. Let's go into the damage sphere.
It looks more impressive in motion. We can also test with running animation.
We run away. The character at the time of death has speed, which also affects the final simulation.